# Progress so far

Last night the opencv work to track colour was finally attempted right on the robot itself.

I was able to get the output I wanted - console output, and the display (via vnc) of the tracking, with the tuning parmaeters.

However, vnc is a little bit iffy here, and stops actually doing screen updates.

I then started to combine it with code to drive the motors.
The motors and the shared power was unplugged, with the pi running off a USB  supply while I was working on it.
I also seem to have destroyed a memory card yesterday on this set up.

When it tried to drive, the system reset - after a tiny movement of motors.

So - the next step is to look for power issues.

It could be:
* Low batteries - check them all - should add to more than 6.6v.
* Bad connections - check these - I did undo wiring.
* The ubec could actually have gone wrong, as I had USB voltage while the ubec still present. lets hope not.
* Undervolting as motor current makes the system drop - the Ubec should help, but it drops at 6.6v.

## Batteries

This is unloaded voltages

1.363
1.364
1.365
1.365
1.365
1.365

About 8v. This should be ample.
So we've barely started on them. It's not them yet.

## Wiring


Nothing there seems to be wrong, or shorting.
Lets put batteries in again.
Measure this, and try the simple motor test code.
-8.18? probes are right. Battery box red terminal on red probe. Whaaat?

Okay - just confusing wiring.
Powers up - motors turn until I disable motor controller
Lets see the pi come up...

VNC has reconnected. 
Lets try initialising it (I should initialise to stopped early)
Can I measure the battery output now? 7.34 - still good.

## Testing

Using gpiozero robot.
Initialised.
Motor power enabled.
Lets try forwards.
Reset? Or non responsive after enabling power. Lets switch from vnc to putty.
It's nto reset - uptime 5 minutes.
Just vnc..
Okay it moves.
So that is not the reset.

robot.forward() was fine.
robot.left() was a reset!
Why is that?

Uptime confirms it is a reset
Backwards is fine.
Right is ALSO a reset. Is this a big current pull trying to turn? Can we reduce current by reducing speed? The l298 is famously not too clever about this overcurrent stuff.

## Making a lower power board

Lets rejig power:
Ubec to Pi and for L298 digital side. ONly motors go from battery directly.
Create a lower power distribution board (regardless of battery/usb it makes sense).

From bottom to top deck we need:

1.  +5v
2.  gnd
3.  line - right - signal
4.  line - mid - signal
5.  line - left - signal
6.  motor left a
7.  motor left b
8.  motor right a
9.  motor right b
10. motor sense left a
11. motor sense left b
12. motor sense right a
13. motor sense right b

call it 14 (extra one for a sensor?)

Then we bring up 2 sets of 7.
Right side:

Pi Power is here

1. +ve
2. gnd
3. motor right a
4. motor right b
5. odometry right a
6. odometry right b
7. line sense right

Left side:

1. unusued
2. line sense middle
3. motor left a
4. motor left b
5. odometry left a
6. odometry left b
7. line sense left
